TIMES." AND CHRIS REPORTER FOR THE LOS
AND CHRIS REPORTER FOR THE LOS ANGELES TIMES WHO COVERS THE
ANGELES TIMES WHO COVERS THE SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATION.
SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATION. AND BECAUSE TONIGHT IS ANOTHER
AND BECAUSE TONIGHT IS ANOTHER ONE OF THOSE NIGHT WHERES THEY
ONE OF THOSE NIGHT WHERES THEY JUST HANDED ME SOMETHING FROM
JUST HANDED ME SOMETHING FROM THE "NEW YORK TIMES" THAT HAS
THE "NEW YORK TIMES" THAT HAS COME OUT IN THE LAST HALF HOUR,
COME OUT IN THE LAST HALF HOUR, I WOULD LIKE TO BEGIN WITH
I WOULD LIKE TO BEGIN WITH BARRETT AS THIS IS ANOTHER LEGAL
BARRETT AS THIS IS ANOTHER LEGAL MATTER.
MATTER. NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL OPENS
NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL OPENS INVESTIGATION OF TRUMP PROJECTS.
INVESTIGATION OF TRUMP PROJECTS. THE FIRST GRAPH ROUGHLY THIS.
THE FIRST GRAPH ROUGHLY THIS. THE NEW YORK STATE ATTORNEY
THE NEW YORK STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL’S OFFICE LATE ON MONDAY
GENERAL’S OFFICE LATE ON MONDAY ISSUED SUBPOENAS TO DEUTSCHE
ISSUED SUBPOENAS TO DEUTSCHE BANK AND INVESTORS BANK FOR
BANK AND INVESTORS BANK FOR RECORDS RELATING TO THE
RECORDS RELATING TO THE FINANCING OF FOUR MAJOR TRUMP
FINANCING OF FOUR MAJOR TRUMP ORGANIZATION PROJECTS IN A
ORGANIZATION PROJECTS IN A FAILED EFFORT TO BUY THE BUFFALO
FAILED EFFORT TO BUY THE BUFFALO BILLS IN 2014.
BILLS IN 2014. THEY CITE THEIR SOURCE AS
THEY CITE THEIR SOURCE AS SOMEONE WHO HAS BEEN BRIEFED ON
SOMEONE WHO HAS BEEN BRIEFED ON THE SUBPOENAS.
THE SUBPOENAS. TELL US WHAT THIS IS ABOUT AND
TELL US WHAT THIS IS ABOUT AND WHY THIS IS COMING ABOUT.
WHY THIS IS COMING ABOUT. >> SO THIS IS A DIRECT FALL OUT
>> SO THIS IS A DIRECT FALL OUT FROM MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY.
FROM MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY. IF YOU RECALL WHEN HE TESTIFIED,
IF YOU RECALL WHEN HE TESTIFIED, HE TESTIFIED THAT TRUMP HAD
HE TESTIFIED THAT TRUMP HAD INFLATED HIS ASSETS AND THIS IS
INFLATED HIS ASSETS AND THIS IS REALLY TO BE EXPECTED FOLLOWING
REALLY TO BE EXPECTED FOLLOWING THAT TESTIMONY.
THAT TESTIMONY. SO THE NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL
SO THE NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL IS OBVIOUSLY STARTING A CIVIL
IS OBVIOUSLY STARTING A CIVIL INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. SO AT THIS POINT, THEY HAVE
SO AT THIS POINT, THEY HAVE SERVED THE SUBPOENAS TO DEUTSCHE
SERVED THE SUBPOENAS TO DEUTSCHE BANK, IT’S A CIVIL
BANK, IT’S A CIVIL INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. IT’S REALLY AT THE EARLY STAGES.
IT’S REALLY AT THE EARLY STAGES. BUT THIS COULD ABSOLUTELY
BUT THIS COULD ABSOLUTELY CONTINUE FOR QUITE A WHILE AND
CONTINUE FOR QUITE A WHILE AND REALLY CAUSE A LOT OF HEADACHES
REALLY CAUSE A LOT OF HEADACHES FOR DEUTSCHE BANK AND POSSIBLY
FOR DEUTSCHE BANK AND POSSIBLY FOR THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
FOR THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. >> I WANT TO REMIND VIEWERS THIS
>> I WANT TO REMIND VIEWERS THIS MOMENT HAPPENED ON LIVE
MOMENT HAPPENED ON LIVE TELEVISION FEBRUARY 27th.
TELEVISION FEBRUARY 27th. HERE IS MICHAEL COHEN.
HERE IS MICHAEL COHEN. >> MR. TRUMP IS A CHEAT.
>> MR. TRUMP IS A CHEAT. AS PREVIOUSLY STATED, I AM
AS PREVIOUSLY STATED, I AM GIVING TO THE COMMITTEE TODAY
GIVING TO THE COMMITTEE TODAY THREE YEARS OF MR. TRUMP’S
THREE YEARS OF MR. TRUMP’S PERSONAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
PERSONAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FROM 2011, 2012 AND 2013 WHICH
FROM 2011, 2012 AND 2013 WHICH HE GAVE TO DEUTSCHE BANK TO
HE GAVE TO DEUTSCHE BANK TO INQUIRE ABOUT A LOAN TO BUY THE
INQUIRE ABOUT A LOAN TO BUY THE BUFFALO BILLS AND TO FORBES.
BUFFALO BILLS AND TO FORBES. THESE ARE EXHIBITS 1-A, 1-B AND
THESE ARE EXHIBITS 1-A, 1-B AND 1-C TO MY TESTIMONY.
1-C TO MY TESTIMONY. IT WAS MY EXPERIENCE THAT MR.
IT WAS MY EXPERIENCE THAT MR. TRUMP INFLATED HIS TOTAL ASSETS
TRUMP INFLATED HIS TOTAL ASSETS WHEN IT SERVED HIS PURPOSES SUCH
WHEN IT SERVED HIS PURPOSES SUCH AS TRYING TO BE LISTED AMONG THE
AS TRYING TO BE LISTED AMONG THE WEALTHIEST PEOPLE IN FORBES AND
WEALTHIEST PEOPLE IN FORBES AND DEFLATED HIS ASSETS TO REDUCE
DEFLATED HIS ASSETS TO REDUCE HIS REAL ESTATE TAXES.
HIS REAL ESTATE TAXES. >> SO YOU ARE SITTING IN THE NEW
>> SO YOU ARE SITTING IN THE NEW YORK STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL’S
YORK STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL’S OFFICE.
OFFICE. YOU HEAR IT PUBLICALLY I GUESS
YOU HEAR IT PUBLICALLY I GUESS IT WOULD BE MALPRACT TOOS NOT AT
IT WOULD BE MALPRACT TOOS NOT AT LEAST LOOK INTO THIS?
LEAST LOOK INTO THIS? >> AND IF YOU RECALL THE CURRENT
>> AND IF YOU RECALL THE CURRENT ATTORNEY GENERAL RAN ON THE
ATTORNEY GENERAL RAN ON THE CAMPAIGN THAT SHE WOULD NOT
CAMPAIGN THAT SHE WOULD NOT HESITATE TO INVESTIGATE THE
HESITATE TO INVESTIGATE THE PRESIDENT, TO INVESTIGATE THE
PRESIDENT, TO INVESTIGATE THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
TRUMP ORGANIZATION. IF YOU RECALL, THE CHARITIES
IF YOU RECALL, THE CHARITIES BUREAU IS THE ONE THAT IS
BUREAU IS THE ONE THAT IS INVESTIGATING THE TRUMP
INVESTIGATING THE TRUMP FOUNDATION THAT BROUGHT THE
FOUNDATION THAT BROUGHT THE CHARGES AGAINST THEM AND WAS
CHARGES AGAINST THEM AND WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISSOLUTION
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISSOLUTION OF THE FOUNDATION.
OF THE FOUNDATION. THEY ARE REALLY ALL OVER THIS
THEY ARE REALLY ALL OVER THIS RIGHT NOW.
RIGHT NOW. AND I THINK IT JUST GOES TO SHOW
AND I THINK IT JUST GOES TO SHOW SORT OF THE NEXT CHAPTER AFTER
SORT OF THE NEXT CHAPTER AFTER THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE WILL COME DOWN TO NEW YORK AND
WILL COME DOWN TO NEW YORK AND WHAT INVESTIGATIONS AND
WHAT INVESTIGATIONS AND ULTIMATELY PROSECUTIONS WILL BE
ULTIMATELY PROSECUTIONS WILL BE HAPPENING IN NEW YORK.
HAPPENING IN NEW YORK. >> PETER, THIS IS YOUR NEWSPAPER
>> PETER, THIS IS YOUR NEWSPAPER AND THIS IS ALSO AN EXAMPLE OF
AND THIS IS ALSO AN EXAMPLE OF JUST HOW MANY STORIES ARE
JUST HOW MANY STORIES ARE SWIRLING OUT THERE AND HOW IN
SWIRLING OUT THERE AND HOW IN ANOTHER SET OF EYES, IN ANOTHER
ANOTHER SET OF EYES, IN ANOTHER SET OF HANDS SOMETHING SAID IN
SET OF HANDS SOMETHING SAID IN OPEN COMMITTEE TESTIMONY LIGHTS
OPEN COMMITTEE TESTIMONY LIGHTS UP ANOTHER BANK OF PHONES.
UP ANOTHER BANK OF PHONES. >> THAT’S EXACTLY RIGHT.
>> THAT’S EXACTLY RIGHT. ONCE AGAIN, AS YOU SAY, IT
ONCE AGAIN, AS YOU SAY, IT DEMONSTRATES HOW MANY DIFFERENT
DEMONSTRATES HOW MANY DIFFERENT AVENUES OF INQUIRY THERE ARE AND
AVENUES OF INQUIRY THERE ARE AND DEMONSTRATES THE RISK TO THE
DEMONSTRATES THE RISK TO THE PRESIDENT THAT GOES BEYOND
PRESIDENT THAT GOES BEYOND WHETHER NANCY PELOSI WANTS TO
WHETHER NANCY PELOSI WANTS TO IMPEACH HIM.
IMPEACH HIM. LONG AFTER HE LEAVES OFFICE
LONG AFTER HE LEAVES OFFICE THERE IS GOING TO BE THE FALLOUT
THERE IS GOING TO BE THE FALLOUT FROM THESE VARIOUS DIFFERENT
FROM THESE VARIOUS DIFFERENT ORGANIZATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS
ORGANIZATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS THAT ARE GOING ON, NOT JUST HIS
THAT ARE GOING ON, NOT JUST HIS BUSINESS, BUT HIS FOUNDATION,
BUSINESS, BUT HIS FOUNDATION, THE INAUGURAL FUND AS WELL AS
THE INAUGURAL FUND AS WELL AS THE ACTIONS HE HAS TAKEN AS
THE ACTIONS HE HAS TAKEN AS PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. IF YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT YOU ARE
IF YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT YOU ARE GOING TO SAY MICHAEL COHEN IS A
GOING TO SAY MICHAEL COHEN IS A LIAR.
LIAR. HE WILL GO TO PRISON FOR LYING
HE WILL GO TO PRISON FOR LYING TO CONGRESS AND THEREFORE THE
TO CONGRESS AND THEREFORE THE NEW YORK STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL
NEW YORK STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL IS BEING PARTISAN FOR TAKING HIS
IS BEING PARTISAN FOR TAKING HIS WORD ON ANYTHING AND LAUNCHING
WORD ON ANYTHING AND LAUNCHING THIS INQUIRY.
THIS INQUIRY. BUT OUR REPORTING SHOWED OVER
BUT OUR REPORTING SHOWED OVER THE YEARS THAT THIS IDEA THAT HE
THE YEARS THAT THIS IDEA THAT HE SORT OF INFLATES THE WORTH WHEN
SORT OF INFLATES THE WORTH WHEN IT SERVES HIS INTERESTS IN ONE
IT SERVES HIS INTERESTS IN ONE SENSE AND THEN DEFLATES IT WHEN
SENSE AND THEN DEFLATES IT WHEN IT COMES TO TAXES, OUR REPORTING